Operators
1(L1). Write a Java program that takes a number as input and prints its multiplication table up to 10.

2(L1). Write a Java program to swap two variables.

3(L1). Write a program to illustrate the size or range of various data types.

4(L1). Write a Java program to add two binary numbers.

5(L1). Write a Java program to print the result of the following operations.

Output:

43

1

19

13

Control Structures
1(L2).Write a Java program to solve quadratic equations (use if, else if and else).

2(L2).Write a Java program that reads a floating-point number and prints "zero" if the number is zero. Otherwise, print "positive" or "negative". Add "small" if the absolute value of the number is less than 1, or "large" if it exceeds 1,000,000.

3(L1).Write a program in Java to display the n terms of odd natural number and their sum.

Input number of terms is: 5

Expected Output :

The odd numbers are :                                                            

1                                                                                

3                                                                                

5                                                                                

7                                                                                

9                                                                                

The Sum of odd Natural Number up to 5 terms is: 25

4(L2).Two numbers are entered through the keyboard. Write a program to find the value of one number raised to the power of another. (Do not use Java built-in method).

5(L3).Write a program that generates a random number and asks the user to guess hat the number is. If the user's guess is higher than the random number, the program should display "Too high, try again." If the user's guess is lower than the random number, the program should display "Too low, try again." The program should use a loop that repeats until the user correctly guesses the random number.
